Psalm 64 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 64 to the chief musician a psalm of David hear my voice Oh God in my
of David hear my voice Oh God in my
of David hear my voice Oh God in my meditation preserve my life from fear of
meditation preserve my life from fear of
meditation preserve my life from fear of the enemy hide me from the secret plots
the enemy hide me from the secret plots
the enemy hide me from the secret plots of the wicked from the rebellion of the
of the wicked from the rebellion of the
of the wicked from the rebellion of the workers of iniquity who sharpen their
workers of iniquity who sharpen their
workers of iniquity who sharpen their tongue like a sword and bend their bows
tongue like a sword and bend their bows
tongue like a sword and bend their bows to shoot their arrows bitter words that
to shoot their arrows bitter words that
to shoot their arrows bitter words that they may shoot in secret at the
they may shoot in secret at the
they may shoot in secret at the blameless suddenly they shoot at him and
blameless suddenly they shoot at him and
blameless suddenly they shoot at him and do not fear they encourage themselves in
do not fear they encourage themselves in
do not fear they encourage themselves in an evil matter they talk of laying
an evil matter they talk of laying
an evil matter they talk of laying snares secretly they say who will see
snares secretly they say who will see
snares secretly they say who will see them they devise iniquities we have
them they devise iniquities we have
them they devise iniquities we have perfected a shrewd scheme both the
perfected a shrewd scheme both the
perfected a shrewd scheme both the inward thought in the heart of men are
inward thought in the heart of men are
inward thought in the heart of men are deep but God just shoot at them with an
deep but God just shoot at them with an
deep but God just shoot at them with an arrow
arrow
arrow suddenly they shall be wounded so he
suddenly they shall be wounded so he
suddenly they shall be wounded so he will make them stumble over their own
will make them stumble over their own
will make them stumble over their own tongue
tongue
tongue all who see them shall flee away all men
all who see them shall flee away all men
all who see them shall flee away all men shall fear and shall declare the work of
shall fear and shall declare the work of
shall fear and shall declare the work of God for they shall wisely consider his
God for they shall wisely consider his
God for they shall wisely consider his doing the righteous shall be glad in the
doing the righteous shall be glad in the
doing the righteous shall be glad in the Lord and trust in him and all the
Lord and trust in him and all the
Lord and trust in him and all the upright in heart shall glory
upright in heart shall glory
upright in heart shall glory [Music]